okay a lot is lava welcome to to yoga it
did you have a good flight and trip over
to Helsinki yeah very good flight you
know I flew from blah pish straight to
Helsinki so so it's perfect flight two
hours so short so I'm here how did you
this this opportunity came came in front
of you yeah are we just talking we know
we start talking week ago you know and
so I I playing back home in Slovakia and
you guys have a lot of injuries and
stuff like that and you're talking and I
was thinking about that bigger chance
good opportunity you know and I knew it
you guys have a really good team and and
great guys I know couple guys go see one
on a night plus V play play with him in
Phoenix and so it's gonna be great
change for me and so I'm happy to be
here you know what is always clear to
you that you're going to play somewhere
else than than slovakia for the rest of
the season are or was this a bit of a
surprise yeah I tell the people back
home you know I want to stay to enter
the December you know in my town and
that was my I used to I used to stay you
know I told them you know and so I'm
going to stay and I'm looking for the
team's like in January and but that's
Eureka a colon and we talked and that
would be what I said good opportunity
good city and its great fans because I
play here before and and that's I I
talked to the back home and I come a
little bit quicker so you have been in
Helsinki before in the world
championships or yeah I will champion
should we play here and tim slovakia and
so so we got a good good memories you
know it's great city and great fans how
would you describe your start of the
season in kazhicho it's not bad you know
like we are the first in
in the leak and it's there we have a
good team over there and but i have a
contract you know i can i can go
anywhere you know like I won during the
season so so that's why I decide come
here and I supposed to I was thinking to
go in January but you know like so what
can i say i'm like i'm here and it's
hockey you know so you won one time you
play there and next day you play
somewhere else so you're in good shape
yeah yeah yeah I play I played 20 games
bareback them you know I'm is on i
mislike five games there because i have
a little big problem but but so so i'm
pretty good shape yeah first game
already to tomorrow i sold out gaming in
hartville oh right now you're looking
forward to that oh that would be
exciting you know yeah I talked to God
luck to you know it was texting he texts
me like two days ago and he told me like
it sold out so I can wait I was be great
you know when I know when I couple years
I prefer i play initially sold out of
those I was a lot of fun when you when
the people's coming game and and it's
gonna be I heard like it's gonna be big
her ivory you know like the like the
team and so so that would be tough game
but we have to win it you know but do
you know from before about the finish
later i'm guessing nada not a whole lot
I plane I play in Sweden two years old
so I'll be my first year here but I
heard like I think it's a lot of
physical a lot of hearings you know a
lot of skating and so so it's going to
be exciting that's why i choose to
finish like you know because I never
play here so it's gonna be new
opportunity for me and
so it's going to be exciting you know so
so we'll see I heard like it's a little
bit differently click in Swedish clicks
oh so you'll see you know so I I don't
know okay we'll see tomorrow does that
help you you you know as you mention do
you know if you guys all CN and year and
and you played with me Coco so last year
in mood with us does that help you to
get into the deep team a bit better yeah
yeah yeahs Dobie Dobie Dobie scoot you
know when you when you go to the new
team and you know a couple guys if you
go somewhere and you don't know anybody
that's it's a little bit artful for the
player but I know I know I'll see I know
he re i know roots and so so I know
couple guys here so that's that's good
it's gonna be it's gonna be easy for me
you know like oh you know they they
probably gonna try to help me and stuff
like that so I'll be nice what are you
expecting from from yourself tomorrow
it's it's tough to say i don't know i am
i just i'm just going to try to help the
team to you to win the game and maybe
just to score the goals and we'll see
you know like how I'm gonna feel you
know and and so do my best you know
thanks a lot and and welcome to Helsinki
thank you